hey everyone welcome to TOEFL speaking
with e to language
my name is Jamal and today I'm going to
walk you through the TOEFL integrated
speaking task which is task for
summarize reading and lecture so today
we're going to look at a few things I'm
going to recap the TOEFL speaking so go
through each section briefly I'm then
going to describe to you watch the
summarize reading and lecture task is
all about then walk you through the
requirements and give you a practice
task to complete after the practice task
you can compare your practice to my
sample and then I'm going to go through
an evaluation so just explain to you
what the TOEFL examiners are listening
for in your speaking so a quick recap of
TOEFL speaking there are six tasks
altogether and two of those are
independent which means that you have to
either describe something or give your
opinion about something all right
and these things are related to your own
experience or knowledge the integrated
speaking tasks usually integrate reading
and listening with speaking so task
number four is the one we're going to be
looking at today which is summarized
reading and lecture by the end of the
lesson you should understand what you
have to do in this task through
completing a practice and you should
understand also how you're scored so
let's take a look at this task for
summarize reading and lecture you're
going to read a passage you're then
going to listen to a lecture on the same
topic you'll have to summarize the
passage and then explain details of the
lecture now the passage usually
introduces the topic and give some
general background to a topic okay so
think of the past
an introduction and general idea and the
lecture will give you more specific
details related to the topic so it will
elaborate on the topic usually by giving
some more specific examples okay what
are the requirements of this task well
you're going to have 45 seconds to read
a passage and it's going to be displayed
on the screen when the 45 seconds is up
the passage will disappear then you're
going to hear a lecture related to the
passage then you're going to be given 35
seconds to prepare a response now you
will have pen and scratch paper that's
provided and you can use that to write
down your ideas once that 30 seconds is
up the 60 seconds speaking time will
begin okay and you'll be speaking into a
microphone attached to your headset and
at the end of the 60 seconds the time
will cut out now it's very very
important to take notes in this task now
you should be taking notes for the
reading and for the listening now with
the reading you want to take notes on
what the main ideas are and any related
details now details are usually examples
or explanations of main ideas and you're
going to have to take notes as you read
because remember the time is 45 seconds
now with the listening as well you'll
need to take notes as you listen and
you're going to use those notes to
prepare your response so in a moment I'm
going to show you a template that you
can use for note-taking
that might make it a bit easier for you
now if you don't already have a pen and
paper you can go and grab one now
okay let's take a look at note-taking
I've prepared here a note template now
this is useful because it helps to
divide the ideas between main ideas and
details so using your scratch paper you
can create two columns now in column one
or the left side column are the main
ideas now I've numbered them and this is
a clue to you for when you see the
reading passage in a moment that there
are two main ideas in the reading
passage now as I said the details are
usually examples related to the main
ideas now at the top of your notes there
you can add your reading topic once
you're presented with the with the
passage okay time to practice reading
and note-taking so I'm going to display
the passage get your pen and paper ready
you have 45 seconds and your time starts
now
okay your 45 seconds is up how did you
go now just to note you don't have to
write down every single thing in the
reading passage remember you're just
looking out for a main idea or two in
this case and they're related examples
or details so a good way of getting
ready for this task is to find a
paragraph in a newspaper article or a
website article and practice taking
notes of main ideas timing yourself so
this is a real skill that you can
develop through practice okay it is now
time to listen to the lecture so on the
same piece of paper or a different piece
of paper get ready to take notes
now the listening notes are the same
structure as the reading notes so two
columns main ideas on the left and the
related details on the right now again
I've numbered them just to make it
easier for you as you're listening there
are four main ideas that you're going to
hear okay now when you're taking notes
another point is you don't have to write
down full words or full sentences you
can abbreviate your words meaning write
shorter versions of the words okay and
you don't have to include little words
like and the but in your notes just
keywords so nouns and verbs alright are
you ready to listen to the lecture
alright here goes
there are many forms of cybercrime that
I'm going to talk about today firstly
there's Computer Fraud which is any
dishonest misrepresentation effect
intended to let another to do or refrain
from doing something which causes loss
in this context the fraud will result in
obtaining a benefit by one altering data
before entry or entering false data or
by entering unauthorized instructions or
using unauthorized processes to altering
destroying suppress
seeing or stealing output usually to
conceal unauthorized transactions this
is difficult to detect and three
altering or deleting stored data then
there's cyber terrorism cyber terrorism
in general can be defined as an act of
terrorism committed through the use of
cyberspace or computer resources as such
a simple propaganda piece on the
Internet
that there will be bomb attacks during
the holidays can be considered cyber
terrorism
there are also hacking activities
directed towards individuals families
organized by groups within networks
tending to cause fear among people
demonstrate power collecting information
relevant for ruining people's lives
robberies blackmailing etc cyber
extortion is the next type cyber
extortion occurs when a website email
server or computer system is subjected
to or threatened with repeated denial of
service or other attacks by malicious
hackers these hackers demand money in
return for promising to stop the attacks
and to offer protection according to the
Federal Bureau of Investigation cyber
extortionists are increasingly attacking
corporate websites and networks
crippling their ability to operate and
demanding payments to restore their
service now in relation to prosecuting
offenders due to easily exploitable laws
cyber criminals evade detection and
prosecution by using developing
countries in order to hide from law
enforcement these weak laws allow cyber
criminals to strike from international
borders and remain undetected even when
identified these criminals avoid being
punished or extradited to a country such
as the United States that has developed
laws that allow for prosecution
while this proves difficult in some
cases agencies such as the FBI have used
deception and subterfuge to catch
criminals hi
okay how did you go with the lecture so
once the lecture is finished you'll then
be given a prompt which is going to be
displayed on your screen and you'll also
hear somebody reading the prompt as well
so here's an example of what you might
see explained cybercrime and how the
examples used by the professor
illustrate this concept so you're going
to be explaining the main idea that was
presented in the reading passage and
then you're going to be giving the
examples used by the lecturer so you're
going to have some time to prepare what
you should be doing in this time in the
preparation time is organizing your
notes so you want to use the information
in your notes to prepare your response
so the first thing you want to do is to
introduce the passage what's the passage
about what's the general idea or concept
so in this case the passage is about
cybercrime and it gives a brief
definition of cybercrime right so that's
the passage the next thing you want to
do is introduce the lecture so how does
the lecture elaborate on the passage it
does so by giving extra details and
giving different examples of cybercrime
so you've got 30 seconds to take your
notes and use them to compile a brief
plan of your presentation I'm going to
give you 30 seconds your time starts now
okay time's up all right I'm going to
give you a chance now to speak your
response so you have taken reading notes
you've taken listening notes you've used
those notes to prepare a brief plan of
your presentation now I'm going to give
you some time to speak so the best way
to practice speaking is to actually
speak out loud all right so you've got
60 seconds to speak your response and
your time starts now
okay time is up how did you go now just
a couple of things here at sixty Seconds
the time is going to run out so you want
to make sure that you've given a full
and complete response now if you finish
a bit before time it's okay you're not
really going to be penalized for
finishing early but you will be
penalized for not giving a complete
response that means if your response is
short because you haven't included all
of the main ideas then you might be
penalized okay but if you included all
of the main ideas and the main details
and you've given a clear and complete
response but still finished just before
60 seconds it's okay all right I'm going
to give you now a sample response so
you're going to get to hear mine but
before that I'm going to show you my
notes and you can compare your notes to
my notes so here will my reading notes
the topic was cybercrime and I
identified two main ideas computer crime
and a definition of cybercrime
so what is computer crime well it
involves computer and network and a
computer is used in the crime or it can
be the target of the crime then the
reading passage gave us a definition of
cybercrime and it defined it as offenses
against individuals or groups to cause
physical or mental harm using
telecommunication networks and it's a
threat to people and Nations
now as you can see I haven't used full
words here so physical I shorted two
fears and mental torment and people to
ppl so these are abbreviations they can
help me save time as I'm note-taking now
my lecture notes my lecture notes were
about types of cyber
so it had three types of cybercrime and
then at the end the lecturer also talked
about prosecuting cybercrime so the
first type was computer fraud and this
consists of altering data stealing data
or deleting data so these are the
examples of computer fraud then we had
cyber terrorism and examples included
terrorism through a computer propaganda
hacking fear blackmail the third type of
cyber crime was cyber extortion and this
consists of denial of service or
extortion hackers demanding money or
attacks on corporate websites so these
were the three types and these were the
details related to those times and the
fourth point was prosecution and usually
people evade prosecution developing
countries have weak laws they avoid
extradition and are difficult to catch
so as you can see dividing my notes into
two columns like this really helps me to
define and identify the ideas my
preparation so I take my two sets of
notes and I'm going to use them to
create a little plan for my preparation
my presentation so passage computer
crime computer networks computers used
or targets physical mental harm to
people or nations so this is what I'm
going to talk about in relation to the
passage in relation to the net lecture
here are my four ideas and here are the
details related to those ideas okay and
I've taken all of these from my notes
and now I'm going to use them to speak
my response okay so here we go
the passage introduces the concept of
cybercrime it defines cybercrime as
crime done through a computer network
this could be done using a
pewter or to target someone else's
computer and it's done to cause physical
or mental harm to people or Nations the
lecture sheds more light on cybercrime
by defining three different types first
computer fraud is done to alter steal or
delete data second cyber terrorism
involves propaganda fear hacking or
blackmail third cyber extortion involves
denial of service extortion demanding
money or attacks against corporate
websites according to the lecture it's
very difficult to prosecute cyber
criminals because of weak laws in
developing countries also cyber
criminals in these countries avoid
extradition which makes it hard to
prosecute them ok so there was my sample
response let's take a look now at an
evaluation so this is what is used a
rubric is what is used by examiner's to
assess your speaking speaking is
assessed out of a score of four now to
get a 4 your delivery needs to be fluid
and well paste fluid meaning no stops
and starts okay not you want to avoid
long pauses and well paste meaning
you're not speaking too quickly and
you're not speaking too slowly
delivery also includes pronunciation so
you should pronounce your words clearly
next is language use so this is related
to grammar and vocabulary so you want to
use effective grammar structures and
effective word choice topic development
this is related to the progression of
your ideas so that your ideas progress
in a logical order firstly secondly
thirdly as you would have heard as I was
presenting my sample I used these in
order to add some cohesion and coherence
to my presentation you also need to
include appropriate details okay and
we're going to get these from your notes
so you can see why and how why it's so
important sorry to take notes in the
reading and listening okay thank you so
much everyone it was a pleasure for all
your exam preparation needs or anything
to do with TOEFL you can visit us at WWE
to language comm thank you see you next
time